Introduce Cookbook (#424)
hyperledger/iroha-2-docs: src/cookbook/unregister-accounts.md

---
title: "Unregister Accounts | Cookbook"
head:
  - - meta
    - name: description

>       content: "Learn how to unregister an account in Iroha."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      content: "Learn how to unregister accounts in Iroha."
```
